# Barely Blanched Broccoli and Cauliflower Salad with Red Bell Pepper, Radishes, Red Onion, and Cashews

## Ingredients
- 4 cups small broccoli flowerets
- 4 cups small cauliflower flowerets
- 1 red bell pepper, stem and seeds removed and cut into small thin strips
- 1 bunch radishes, thickly sliced (about 12-14 radishes)
- 1/2 cup finely chopped red onion (or sliced green onion)
- 3/4 cup coarsely chopped cashews
- Dressing Ingredients:
- 4 oz. low fat cream cheese, softened
- 3/4 cup low-fat Ranch Dressing (homemade or bottled ranch)
- 1/2 tsp. dill weed
- 1/2 tsp. Spike Seasoning

## Steps
1. Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil while you cut the broccoli and cauliflower into small bite-sized flowerets. When water boils, add the vegetables, bring back to a low boil, and cook 1-2 minutes (test a piece to see how crunchy you want it.) Immediately drain the vegetables into a colander placed in the sink and rinse with very cold water. Let the broccoli and cauliflower drain well while you prep the other ingredients.
2. Clean and slice the radishes. Cut out the stem and seeds from the red bell pepper and cut into small thin strips. Finely chop the red onion (or slice green onions.) Coarsely chop the cashews.
3. Put the softened cream cheese into a small dish or measuring cup and whisk until it's soft, then add the Ranch dressing, dill weed, and Spike Seasoning and whisk ingredients together.
4. When the vegetables are well drained (blot with a paper towel if you're in a hurry) put them in bowl and toss gently with the radishes, red bell pepper strips, and red onion. Stir in as much dressing as desired, until the salad is as moist as you'd like it. Add cashews and toss again, season the salad with salt and fresh ground black pepper to taste, and serve immediately. (I used salted cashews so I didn't need any additional salt.)
5. If you're making this in advance or making more than you'll eat at once, don't add the dressing or toss with the cashews until right before you serve the salad.

## Sources
[http://www.kalynskitchen.com/2013/05/broccoli-cauliflower-salad-cashews.html](http://www.kalynskitchen.com/2013/05/broccoli-cauliflower-salad-cashews.html)
