# Lydia L. Katsamberis
http://www.llkats.com/
llkats@gmail.com

## Summary
Front-end web developer with a passion for building dynamic, engaging web sites. Solid academic background in object-oriented programming; professional experience in web site development and maintenance; dedication to continuous learning and improvement with evolving web technologies.

## Education
Master of Science, Software Technology, Loyola University Chicago; August 2010
Bachelor of Arts, English, University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI; December 2007

## Work Experience

### gdgt, San Francisco, CA
November 2011 – present
**Front End Engineer**
* Creates compelling pages and features for commerce site www.gdgt.com to precise design specifications, including sponsored features for partners such as Best Buy and Canon.
* Builds custom JavaScript features, including a jQuery carousel plugin used site-wide.
* Rewrites existing pages as features and design evolve, such as integral product pages and site toolbars.
* Assisted in creating a new mobile site compatible on iOS Safari, Android stock browser, Chrome, and Windows Mobile Internet Explorer. Continues to build and debug new features for mobile as necessary.

### UBM Studios, Chicago, IL
August 2010 – October 2011
**Jr. Web Developer**
* Programmed proprietary dynamic custom features for an online events platform in a variety of languages including JavaScript, XHTML/HTML5, CoffeeScript, LESS CSS, and PHP. 
* All custom features were coded to client specifications and integrated using the platform's API, and were cross-browser compatible for IE6-9, Safari, and Firefox.
* Assisted coworkers in creating, maintaining, and debugging event-related email campaigns and microsites.

### Fathead Design, Chicago, IL
March 2010 – August 2010
**Web Developer Intern**
* Developed new client websites to specification, including Wordpress- and Drupal-based sites, in addition to hand-coded microsites. 
* Maintained and updated client sites across multiple CMSes, including Wordpress, Drupal, and Magento.
* Programmed, tested, and sent cross-browser-compatible email campaigns.

### Loyola University Chicago Libraries, Chicago, IL
February 2009 – June 2010
**Web Assistant**
* Updated and maintained existing Library web pages.
* Created new pages for Library homepage.
* Assisted in migrating staff intranet pages to Drupal CMS.
* Provided research assistance for new Library web site features.

### Loyola University Chicago, Chicago, IL
January 2009 – May 2010
**Teaching Assistant**
* Graded student papers, projects, and presentations. 
* Gave substitute lectures in event of professors' absences. 
* Provided tutoring and support for students' writing, research papers, and presentations.

SELECTED COURSEWORK
Client-Side Web Development, Winter 2010
Built standards-compliant dynamic XHTML web sites with JavaScript, using Dojo and jQuery libraries. 
Web Services Programming, Fall 2009
Working on a team, built a RESTful Java Project which emulated functionality of Meetup.org.
Gained an understanding of REST, SOAP, and message-based web architectures. 
Markup Languages, Summer 2010
Achieved proficiency with markup languages and concepts such as XML, XHTML, Xpath and XSLT, and Schema Languages. Gave a presentation on Scalable Vector Graphics.

### Technology Skills
Front-end development, standards-compliant XHTML/HTML5, CSS3, LESS CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, version control, Git
