# Pan Roasted Brussel Sprouts

## Ingredients
- 1 lbs brussels sprouts, cleaned and halved
- 2 slices of bacon
- 1 cipollini onion (or 1 leek or 2 baby leeks)
- 1/2 cup walnuts or hazel nuts, coarsely chopped
- 1 tbsp fresh oregano leaves, finely chopped
- 1 tbsp red wine vinegar
- 1 tbsp butter

## Steps
Start some water boiling and add a few pinches of salt.
Rinse and halve your brus sprouts.
When the water comes to a rolling boil, add sprouts and set a kitchen timer for 5 minutes.
Do not rely on yourself to remember, overcooking at this stage will ruin your meal.
Boil sprouts exactly 5 minutes, rinse with cold water, strain and set aside.

In the meantime, chop cipollini onions (or leeks) and the nuts.
Slice bacon (pieces stacked) into half inch slices.

Heat a pan on medium heat and add bacon slices.
Allow bacon to cook about 4-5 minutes, until fat starts to render in the pan.
Add the nuts and stir.
If you are using cipollini onions, add those too (wait if you are using leeks).

Cook nuts and bacon until the bacon is almost done, then add butter.
You can add leeks at this point or skip this step and add Brussels sprouts directly.
When leeks just begin to soften (about 1 minute), add Brussels sprouts, sea salt and pepper.

Stir sprouts and use tongs to turn most of them so their cut faces are resting against the pan.
After about 2 minutes, stir the sprouts and sprinkle on oregano.
Continue to cook, stirring every 2 minutes or so until the faces of the sprouts are all browned and onions begin to caramelize, 8-10 minutes.
In the last 3 to 4 minutes, add vinegar (or lemon).
This step is essential to cut any last bit of bitterness remaining in the sprouts.

## Source
[http://summertomato.com/brussels-sprouts-with-bacon/](http://summertomato.com/brussels-sprouts-with-bacon/)
